	A product was requested which would allow the customer to tag an object, specifically a disc golf disc, and then locate the object in the event of misplacing it via a smart device application. In addition to personal consumer use, such a device has applications within the commercial sector for inventory management and location. Because of the intent of using this device for disc golf, extreme requirements were placed on the size and weight of the device, as these factors would affect the flight characteristics of the disc to which the device was attached. The device also needed to have a sufficient communication range with the user’s smart device such that it could be located from across a course, or approximately one hundred meters, and should be priced such that the device would not cost more than the disc it was being attached to. The device should also have enough of a battery life to make it through an afternoon of disc golf without requiring a recharge.
	While the device itself has not been built and prototyped, a reasonable solution to all of the above requirements was found and would likely be feasible given the Team’s knowledge of the subject area and skills. A Bluetooth module was discovered that implemented most of the communication stack and which boasted a 100 meter communication range. This was paired with the Bluetooth APIs for Android and iOS, which both have functions for assessing relative distance from a signal source by measuring that signal’s intensity on the smart device’s antenna. A design for the device package was worked out which would provide the system some protection from the elements, and from the shock of impact after being thrown, and affordable rechargeable batteries were sourced which would provide approximately ten hours of battery life while only adding a gram of weight to the package. A method for attaching the device was worked out which would use a double-sided adhesive pad, which would be disposable and enable the consumer to reuse the device with multiple objects.
	Designing for size was by far the most difficult aspect of this project. Fitting within the tight constraints set by the customer forced the Team to make tradeoffs in battery life and robustness of the device’s casing, as well as increased the cost for sourcing components. Every gram of weight added by a component hurt, so only what was absolutely necessary to the device’s operation was used. The final part list represents the minimal components which will allow for the devices advertised feature set, while maintaining a minimal impact on the disc’s flight characteristic and the price of materials.
